Hi,

we have read your project plans. We will give detailed comments to each
group separately beginning of next week. However, here are some general
comments that we found to apply to everyone. Think about these issues
before your presentation next week and present answers as they apply to
your project.

1: What are the risks involved in your project? For example, is there a
specific part that is critical for your success? If this cannot be
achieved, do you have a backup plan, and what is it?

2: Define at least one *concrete* scenario or test case for your
project. Describe what are the inputs (types of images, other
information?), and what is the scenario or setup of the environment. You
should have enough detail in this description that when you encounter a
question during your project such as "should we do A or B", recalling
the scenario you are targeting will help you decide what is most
appropriate. Additionally, the scenario will give you a clear goal to
strive for in your project.

Prepare to give a 15 minute presentation about your project topic and plan.


Best,

Mikko & Ge

----------------------------------------------------------------------

Hi,

in addition to the general comments from Friday, here are some comments
about your plan. Please submit a revised report by December 8th that
takes these comments into account.

- In 2.3., do you plan to use only data gathered at the start and end
points of the robot, or also data the robot can collect while moving
between the viewpoints?

- In 3.2, you mention POMDPs as a possible technique to apply. While
this is reasonable, here we have some simplifying assumptions in effect.
For example, a static scene (correct?) - a full POMDP solution might not
be required.

- At end of Section 3 you mention about existing algorithms for
registration and SLAM. We encourage you to explore this further, as
building a SLAM method or a robust registration method from scratch can
take a lot of time and not be productive towards the project's final goal.

Best,

Mikko and Ge


-----------------------------------------------------------------------

Hi,

for the POMDP approach, I think it is good to be aware of it and take
into account that eventually an extension towards non-greedy planning
might be made. I think you already covered the Atanasov et al. IEEE TRO
paper from 2014 that deals with a similar topic. Anyway, for the initial
part of the project, I suggest to focus on greedy or next best view
-approaches (i.e., solving a POMDP just one step ahead in time).

For the test setup, we are trying to get one of the YCB object datasets:
http://ycbbenchmarks.org/ I will let you know once we actually have it
in case you want to use these objects in your project to build a test scene.

Mikko
